README.md, before:

# 100 Days of coding challenge with c++
Hi there! Have you ever heard about 100 days of coding challenge? If you have not, I **strongly recommend** you to take a look on this website [100daysofcode.com](100daysofcode.com).

It is a challenge to change one's life, not completely changing that but to help him/her achieve something desired or long awaited for.

I have started the challenge a couple of days ago. My challenge is about c++ programming language. Every single day I do code to solve a new problem using c++ language. I have decided to embedd a test function for every program I write. Anyway some of them I feel do not need a test function because they are straight forward.
The following table will get updated every day I do something new. 

If you want to warm up, jump in! Do my challenge.


|   |                Math Problems            |  Status |
|---|-----------------------------------------|--------------------|
|1  | sum of naturals divisible by 3 and 5    | :heavy_check_mark: |
|2  | Greatest common divisor                 | :heavy_check_mark: |
|3  | Least common multiple                   | :heavy_check_mark: |
|4  | Largest prime smaller than given number | :heavy_check_mark: |
|5  | Sexy prime pairs                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|6  | Abundant numbers                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|7  | Amicable numbers                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|8  | Armstrong numbers                       | :heavy_check_mark: |
|9  | Prime factors of a number               | :heavy_check_mark: |
|10 | Gray code                               | :heavy_check_mark: |
|11 | Converting numerical values to Roman    | :heavy_check_mark: |
|12 | Largest Collatz sequence                | :heavy_check_mark: |
|13 | Computing the value of PI               |   |
|14 | Validating ISBNs                        | :heavy_check_mark: |

Commit message:

README.md updated for chapter one
Signed-off-by: Mahdi Movahedi <m.movahedimonfared@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# 100 Days of coding challenge with c++
Hi there! Have you ever heard about 100 days of coding challenge? If you have not, I **strongly recommend** you to take a look on this website [100daysofcode.com](100daysofcode.com).

It is a challenge to change one's life, not completely changing that but to help him/her achieve something desired or long awaited for.

I have started the challenge a couple of days ago. My challenge is about c++ programming language. Every single day I do code to solve a new problem using c++ language. I have decided to embedd a test function for every program I write. Anyway some of them I feel do not need a test function because they are straight forward.
The following table will get updated every day I do something new. 

If you want to warm up, jump in! Do my challenge.


|   |                Math Problems            |  Status |
|---|-----------------------------------------|--------------------|
|1  | sum of naturals divisible by 3 and 5    | :heavy_check_mark: |
|2  | Greatest common divisor                 | :heavy_check_mark: |
|3  | Least common multiple                   | :heavy_check_mark: |
|4  | Largest prime smaller than given number | :heavy_check_mark: |
|5  | Sexy prime pairs                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|6  | Abundant numbers                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|7  | Amicable numbers                        | :heavy_check_mark: |
|8  | Armstrong numbers                       | :heavy_check_mark: |
|9  | Prime factors of a number               | :heavy_check_mark: |
|10 | Gray code                               | :heavy_check_mark: |
|11 | Converting numerical values to Roman    | :heavy_check_mark: |
|12 | Largest Collatz sequence                | :heavy_check_mark: |
|13 | Computing the value of PI               | :heavy_check_mark: |
|14 | Validating ISBNs                        | :heavy_check_mark: |

Today, 18-7-2023 I completed Math challenges, and I am going to solve challenges from the second chapter. The subject of this chapter is language features. I am really longing to start this chapter.


|   |                Language Features        |  Status            |
|---|-----------------------------------------|--------------------|
|15  | IPv4 Data Type     | :heavy_check_mark: |
|16  | Enumerating IPv4 addresses in a range         |  |
|17  | Creating a 2D array with basic operations     |  |
|18  | Minumum function with any number of arguments |  |
|19  | Adding a range of values to a container       |  |
|20 | container any, all, none                       |  |
|21  | system handle wrapper                | |
|22  | Literals of various temperature scales  |  |
|23  | Prime factors of a number               |  |
